README.md, before:

# C# LeetCoding Challenge

| Tags                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Ticket                                                                                                                       |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/prefix_sum-blue)                                                                                                                                                                           | [1480. Running Sum of 1d Array](src/_1480_Running_Sum_Of_1d_Array)                                                           |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/matrix-blue)                                                                                                                                                                               | [1672. Richest Customer Wealth](src/_1672_Richest_Customer_Wealth)                                                           |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/math-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/string-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/simulation-blue)                                                                                                                        | [412. Fizz Buzz](src/_412_Fizz_Buzz)                                                                                         |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/math-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/bit_manipulation-blue)                                                                                                                                                                      | [1342. Number of Steps to Reduce a Number to Zero](src/_1342_Number_Of_Steps_To_Reduce_A_Number_To_Zero)                     |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/linked_list-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue)                                                                                                                                                                   | [876. Middle of the Linked List](src/_876_Middle_Of_The_Linked_List)                                                         |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/medium-yellow) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/string-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue)                                                                                                                                                                     | [443. String Compression ](src/_443_String_Compression)                                                                      |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/hash_table-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/string-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/counting-blue)                                                                                                                    | [383. Ransom Note](src/_383_Ransom_Note)                                                                                     ||                                                                                                      |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/math-blue)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | [9. Palindrome Number](src/_9_Palindrome_Number)                                                                             ||
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/math-blue)                                                                                                                                                                                 | [3079. Find the Sum of Encrypted Integers](src/_3079_Find_the_Sum_of_Encrypted_Integers)                                     |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/string-blue)                                                                                                                                                                               | [2114. Maximum Number of Words Found in Sentences](src/_2114_Maximum_Number_of_Words_Found_in_Sentences)                     |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/math-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/enumeration-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/number_theory-blue)                                                                                                                | [2427. Number of Common Factors](src/_2427_Number_of_Common_Factors)                                                         |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/medium-yellow) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/linked_list-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/math-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/recursion-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/in_progess-purple)                                                       | [2. Add Two Numbers](src/_2_Add_Two_Numbers)                                                                                 |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/hash_table-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/bit_manipulation-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/counting-blue)                                                       | [2206. Divide Array Into Equal Pairs](src/_2206_Divide_Array_Into_Equal_Pairs)                                               |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue)                                                                                                                                                                         | [26. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](src/_26_Remove_Duplicates_from_Sorted_Array)                                       |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue)                                                                                                                                                                         | [27. Remove Element](src/_27_Remove_Element)                                                                                 |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/hash_table-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/binary_search-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/sorting-blue) | [1346. Check If N and Its Double Exist](src/_1346_Check_If_N_and_Its_Double_Exist)                                           |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | [941. Valid Mountain Array](src/_941_Valid_Mountain_Array)                                                                   |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | [1299. Replace Elements with Greatest Element on Right Side](src/_1299_Replace_Elements_with_Greatest_Element_on_Right_Side) |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue)                                                                                                                                                                         | [283. Move Zeroes](src/_283_Move_Zeroes)                                                                                     |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/sorting-blue)                                                                                                                    | [905. Sort Array By Parity](src/_905_Sort_Array_By_Parity)                                                                   |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/sorting-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/counting_sort-blue)                                                                                                                   | [1051. Height Checker](src/_1051_Height_Checker)                                                                             |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/sorting-blue)                                                                                                                                                                              | [414. Third Maximum Number](src/_414_Third_Maximum_Number)                                                                   |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue)                                                                                                                                                                         | [448. Find All Numbers Disappeared in an Array](src/_448_Find_All_Numbers_Disappeared_in_an_Array)                           |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/sorting-blue)                                                                                                                    | [977. Squares of a Sorted Array](src/_977_Squares_of_a_Sorted_Array)                                                         |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/hash_table-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/math-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/string-blue)                                                                                                                        | [13. Roman to Integer](src/_13_Roman_to_Integer)                                                                             |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/string-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/string_matching-blue)                                                                                                           | [28. Find the Index of the First Occurrence in a String](src/_28_Find_the_Index_of_the_First_Occurrence_in_a_String)         |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/database-blue)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | [577. Employee Bonus](src/_577_Employee_Bonus)                                                                               |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/medium-yellow) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/sorting-blue)                                                                                                                 | [75. Sort Colors ](src/_75_Sort_Colors)                                                                                      |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/medium-yellow) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/hash_table-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/string-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/sliding_window-blue)                                                                                                           | [3. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](src/_3_Longest_Substring_Without_Repeating_Characters)                   |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/database-blue)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | [1075. Project Employees I](src/_1075_Project_Employees_I)                                                                   |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/string-blue)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | [434. Number of Segments in a String](src/_434_Number_of_Segments_in_a_String)                                               |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/hash_table-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/sorting-blue)                                                                                                                      | [217. Contains Duplicate](src/217_Contains_Duplicate)                                                                        |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/database-blue)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | [1729. Find Followers Count](src/_1729_Find_Followers_Count)                                                                 |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](  https://img.shields.io/badge/sorting-blue) ![Topics](  https://img.shields.io/badge/counting-blue)                                                                                                                    | [3467. Transform Array by Parity](src/_3467_Transform_Array_by_Parity)                                                       |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/math-blue)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | [1837. Sum of Digits in Base K](src/_1837_Sum_of_Digits_in_Base_K)                                                           |

Commit message:

1827. Minimum Operations to Make the Array Increasing

README.md, after:

# C# LeetCoding Challenge

| Tags                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Ticket                                                                                                                       |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/prefix_sum-blue)                                                                                                                                                                           | [1480. Running Sum of 1d Array](src/_1480_Running_Sum_Of_1d_Array)                                                           |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/matrix-blue)                                                                                                                                                                               | [1672. Richest Customer Wealth](src/_1672_Richest_Customer_Wealth)                                                           |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/math-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/string-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/simulation-blue)                                                                                                                        | [412. Fizz Buzz](src/_412_Fizz_Buzz)                                                                                         |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/math-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/bit_manipulation-blue)                                                                                                                                                                      | [1342. Number of Steps to Reduce a Number to Zero](src/_1342_Number_Of_Steps_To_Reduce_A_Number_To_Zero)                     |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/linked_list-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue)                                                                                                                                                                   | [876. Middle of the Linked List](src/_876_Middle_Of_The_Linked_List)                                                         |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/medium-yellow) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/string-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue)                                                                                                                                                                     | [443. String Compression ](src/_443_String_Compression)                                                                      |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/hash_table-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/string-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/counting-blue)                                                                                                                    | [383. Ransom Note](src/_383_Ransom_Note)                                                                                     ||                                                                                                      |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/math-blue)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | [9. Palindrome Number](src/_9_Palindrome_Number)                                                                             ||
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/math-blue)                                                                                                                                                                                 | [3079. Find the Sum of Encrypted Integers](src/_3079_Find_the_Sum_of_Encrypted_Integers)                                     |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/string-blue)                                                                                                                                                                               | [2114. Maximum Number of Words Found in Sentences](src/_2114_Maximum_Number_of_Words_Found_in_Sentences)                     |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/math-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/enumeration-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/number_theory-blue)                                                                                                                | [2427. Number of Common Factors](src/_2427_Number_of_Common_Factors)                                                         |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/medium-yellow) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/linked_list-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/math-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/recursion-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/in_progess-purple)                                                       | [2. Add Two Numbers](src/_2_Add_Two_Numbers)                                                                                 |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/hash_table-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/bit_manipulation-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/counting-blue)                                                       | [2206. Divide Array Into Equal Pairs](src/_2206_Divide_Array_Into_Equal_Pairs)                                               |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue)                                                                                                                                                                         | [26. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](src/_26_Remove_Duplicates_from_Sorted_Array)                                       |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue)                                                                                                                                                                         | [27. Remove Element](src/_27_Remove_Element)                                                                                 |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/hash_table-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/binary_search-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/sorting-blue) | [1346. Check If N and Its Double Exist](src/_1346_Check_If_N_and_Its_Double_Exist)                                           |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | [941. Valid Mountain Array](src/_941_Valid_Mountain_Array)                                                                   |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | [1299. Replace Elements with Greatest Element on Right Side](src/_1299_Replace_Elements_with_Greatest_Element_on_Right_Side) |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue)                                                                                                                                                                         | [283. Move Zeroes](src/_283_Move_Zeroes)                                                                                     |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/sorting-blue)                                                                                                                    | [905. Sort Array By Parity](src/_905_Sort_Array_By_Parity)                                                                   |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/sorting-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/counting_sort-blue)                                                                                                                   | [1051. Height Checker](src/_1051_Height_Checker)                                                                             |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/sorting-blue)                                                                                                                                                                              | [414. Third Maximum Number](src/_414_Third_Maximum_Number)                                                                   |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue)                                                                                                                                                                         | [448. Find All Numbers Disappeared in an Array](src/_448_Find_All_Numbers_Disappeared_in_an_Array)                           |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/sorting-blue)                                                                                                                    | [977. Squares of a Sorted Array](src/_977_Squares_of_a_Sorted_Array)                                                         |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/hash_table-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/math-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/string-blue)                                                                                                                        | [13. Roman to Integer](src/_13_Roman_to_Integer)                                                                             |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/string-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/string_matching-blue)                                                                                                           | [28. Find the Index of the First Occurrence in a String](src/_28_Find_the_Index_of_the_First_Occurrence_in_a_String)         |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/database-blue)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | [577. Employee Bonus](src/_577_Employee_Bonus)                                                                               |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/medium-yellow) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/two_pointers-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/sorting-blue)                                                                                                                 | [75. Sort Colors ](src/_75_Sort_Colors)                                                                                      |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/medium-yellow) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/hash_table-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/string-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/sliding_window-blue)                                                                                                           | [3. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](src/_3_Longest_Substring_Without_Repeating_Characters)                   |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/database-blue)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | [1075. Project Employees I](src/_1075_Project_Employees_I)                                                                   |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/string-blue)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | [434. Number of Segments in a String](src/_434_Number_of_Segments_in_a_String)                                               |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/hash_table-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/sorting-blue)                                                                                                                      | [217. Contains Duplicate](src/217_Contains_Duplicate)                                                                        |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/database-blue)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | [1729. Find Followers Count](src/_1729_Find_Followers_Count)                                                                 |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](  https://img.shields.io/badge/sorting-blue) ![Topics](  https://img.shields.io/badge/counting-blue)                                                                                                                    | [3467. Transform Array by Parity](src/_3467_Transform_Array_by_Parity)                                                       |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/math-blue)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | [1837. Sum of Digits in Base K](src/_1837_Sum_of_Digits_in_Base_K)                                                           |
| ![Complexity](https://img.shields.io/badge/easy-green) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/array-blue) ![Topics](https://img.shields.io/badge/greedy-blue)                                                                                                                                                                               | [1827. Minimum Operations to Make the Array Increasing](src/_1827_Minimum_Operations_to_Make_the_Array_Increasing)           |
